Add fix for 'too many open files' to README (#81)
grailbio/bigslice: README.md

$ cd bigslice
$ GO111MODULE=on go test
```

> If tests fail with `socket: too many open files` errors, try increasing the maximum number of open files by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If tests fail with `socket: too many open files` errors, try increasing the maximum number of open files.
```

Reviewer: FYI, you can directly commit "suggestions" by clicking the `Commit suggestion` button. This basically saves the work of copying over suggestions yourself. (It's one of my favorite features of GitHub's code reviews.)

> If you experience errors running tests, and see `too many open files` in the logs, you can increase the maximum number of open files by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If tests fail with `socket: too many open files` errors, try increasing the maximum number of open file descriptors:
```

Reviewer: Save some words.

```

> ulimit -n 2000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ulimit -n 2000
```

Reviewer: Make invocation consistent with above.
